Allow passing different prompts to each text_encoder on Stable Diffusion XL (#4156)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/stable_diffusion_xl.mdx

## Tips

- Stable Diffusion XL works especially well with images between 768 and 1024.

> - Stable Diffusion XL can pass a different prompt for each of the text-encoders it was trained on as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stable Diffusion XL can pass a different prompt for each of the text encoders it was trained on as shown below. We can even pass different parts of the same prompt to the text encoders.
```

[[autodoc]] StableDiffusionXLInpaintPipeline
	- all
	- __call__

### Passing different prompts to each text-encoder

> Stable Diffusion XL as trained on two text-encoders. The default behavior is to pass the same prompt to each. But it is possible to pass a different prompt for each text-encoder, as [some users](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/issues/4004#issuecomment-1627764201) alledge it can boost quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stable Diffusion XL was trained on two text encoders. The default behavior is to pass the same prompt to each. But it is possible to pass a different prompt for each text-encoder, as [some users](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/issues/4004#issuecomment-1627764201) noted that it can boost quality.
```

> Stable Diffusion XL as trained on two text-encoders. The default behavior is to pass the same prompt to each. But it is possible to pass a different prompt for each text-encoder, as [some users](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/issues/4004#issuecomment-1627764201) alledge it can boost quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stable Diffusion XL was trained on two text encoders. The default behavior is to pass the same prompt to each. But it is possible to pass a different prompt for each text-encoder, as [some users](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/issues/4004#issuecomment-1627764201) noted that it can boost quality.
```

> For that, you can pass `prompt_2` and `negative_prompt_2` in addition to `prompt` and `negative_prompt`. By doing that, you will send the original prompts and negative prompts to `text_encoder` (in official SDXL 0.9/1.0 that is [OAI CLIP-ViT/L-14](https://huggingface.co/openai/clip-vit-large-patch14)),

Reviewer: ```
To do so, you can pass `prompt_2` and `negative_prompt_2` in addition to `prompt` and `negative_prompt`. By doing that, you will pass the original prompts and negative prompts (as in `prompt` and `negative_prompt`) to `text_encoder` (in official SDXL 0.9/1.0 that is [OpenAI CLIP-ViT/L-14](https://huggingface.co/openai/clip-vit-large-patch14)),
```

> and `prompt_2` and `negative_prompt_2` to `text_encoder_2` (in official SDXL 0.9/1.0 that is [OpenCLIP-ViT/bigG-14](https://huggingface.co/laion/CLIP-ViT-bigG-14-laion2B-39B-b160k)),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and `prompt_2` and `negative_prompt_2` to `text_encoder_2` (in official SDXL 0.9/1.0 that is [OpenCLIP-ViT/bigG-14](https://huggingface.co/laion/CLIP-ViT-bigG-14-laion2B-39B-b160k)).
```
